# Changelog

## 1.15.0

**Release Date:** 2017-09-05

- Added support for setting a custom Prettier config path
  (via`additional_cli_args` setting), or disabling Prettier config discovery all
  together; using the `additional_cli_args` setting.

  See the [docs](https://github.com/jonlabelle/SublimeJsPrettier#prettier-configuration-files)
  for more details and config examples.

## 1.14.0

**Release Date:** 2017-09-02

- Prettier configuration files are now automatically resolved via the
  `prettier --find-config-path <target_file_to_format>` command.
  Requires [prettier v1.6+].

## 1.13.0

**Release Date:** 2017-09-01

- Add support for reading configuration options from Prettier configuration
  files (e.g.: `.prettierrc` files). Requires [prettier v1.6+].

## 1.12.0

**Release Date:** 2017-07-02

- Added new `auto_format_on_save_excludes` setting to ignore auto formatting
  when the target file, or its path resides in a particular location, and when
  `auto_format_on_save` is turned on.

## 1.11.0

**Release Date:** 2017-06-29

- Added support for JSON formatting (requires [prettier v1.5+]).
- Added support for GraphQL formatting (requires [prettier v1.5+]).

## 1.10.0

**Release Date:** 2017-06-07

- Added the new setting `max_file_size_limit` to restrict Prettier formatting
  based on file size.

## 1.9.0

**Release Date:** 2017-06-05

- Added new setting `additional_cli_args` for appending additional arguments to
  the prettier cli command.

## 1.8.0

**Release Date:** 2017-06-04

- Added new setting to allow formatting custom file extensions.
- Support for CSS formatting (requires [prettier v1.4+]).
- Built-in support for TypeScript.

## 1.7.0

**Release Date:** 2017-04-13

- Added support for new `--semi` and `--use-tabs` options.

## 1.6.0

**Release Date:** 2017-03-08

- Introduced new `debug` (bool) setting. When enabled (true), additional
  debugging information about the command and configured settings will be
  printed to the Sublime Text Console; useful for troubleshooting purposes.

## 1.5.0

**Release Date:** 2017-02-24

- Added the ability to specify a custom node path, via the `node_path` setting.

## 1.4.0

**Release Date:** 2017-02-20

- Added support for [Project-level settings].

## 1.3.1

**Release Date:** 2017-02-19

- Added support for the modified `trailingComma` option. The `trailingComma`
  option controls the printing of trailing commas wherever possible.

    Valid options are:

    - `"none"` -- No trailing commas
    - `"es5"`  -- Trailing commas where valid in ES5 (objects, arrays, etc)
    - `"all"`  -- Trailing commas wherever possible (function arguments)

## 1.3.0

**Release Date:** 2017-02-18

- Added the new setting `allow_inline_formatting` (defaults to *false*) which
  provides the ability to format *selections* of in-lined JavaScript code,
  outside of the normal JavaScript syntax. For example, to format a selection of
  JavaScript code within a PHP or HTML file. When `true`, the JsPrettier command
  is available for use across all Sublime Text syntaxes.

## 1.2.5

**Release Date:** 2017-02-16

- Added format on save support for .jsx files.

## 1.2.4

**Release Date:** 2017-02-16

- Added support for the new `jsxBracketSameLine` option. When
  `jsxBracketSameLine` is *true* (the default is *false*), right-angle brackets
  `>` of multi-line jsx elements will be placed at the end of the last line,
  instead of being alone on the next line. You may be required to update to the
  latest version of the [Prettier] to leverage the `jsxBracketSameLine` option
  (available since v0.17.0).

## 1.2.0

**Release Date:** 2017-02-10

- Now when the `auto_format_on_save` setting is set to `true`, the entire file
  will always be formatted.
- Removed extra line-breaks injected by the `prettier` cli command at the end of
  selected regions and entire file.
- Added Context Menu shortcut.

## 1.1.2

**Release Date:** 2017-01-28

- Added support for merging selective `prettier_options` in the *User*
  `JsPrettier.sublime-settings` file.

## 1.1.1

**Release Date:** 2017-01-22

- Introduced less aggressive error reporting ([#4]). Errors generated by the
  `prettier` cli are written to Sublime Text's console output window, instead of
  an alert dialog.

## 1.1.0

**Release Date:** 2017-01-21

- Removed the `node_path` option from settings.
- Added new `prettier_cli_path` setting for those wanting to explicitly set the
  path to the prettier executable/command.
- Removed support for local prettier installations stored in the Sublime Text
  Package directory.
- Improved detection of environment prettier path.

## 1.0.3

**Release Date:** 2017-01-19

- Incorporated new prettier option to specify which parser to use. Valid options
  for `parser` are `flow` and `babylon`. The `useFlowParser` option has been
  deprecated, in favor of the new `parser` option.

## 1.0.2

**Release Date:** 2017-01-19

- Removed the default value for "node_path", and internally try to sniff out the
  appropriate path.

## 1.0.1

**Release Date:** 2017-01-18

- Fixed package path to use "JsPrettier" instead of "SublimeJsPrettier".
  Previously caused the "Default" settings file not to open from the Main Menu.

- Added notice regarding local installations of Prettier. The `node_modules`
  directory will be deleted after every package update pushed by Package
  Control.

## 1.0.0

**Release Date:** 2017-01-18

- JsPrettier now available on [Package Control].

[Package Control]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/JsPrettier
[#4]: https://github.com/jonlabelle/SublimeJsPrettier/issues/4
[Prettier]: https://github.com/jlongster/prettier
[Project-level settings]: https://github.com/jonlabelle/SublimeJsPrettier#project-level-settings
[prettier v1.4+]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier/releases/tag/1.4.0
[prettier v1.5+]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier/releases/tag/1.5.0
[prettier v1.6+]: https://github.com/prettier/prettier/releases/tag/1.6.0
